I had a call from Jack Taylor a North
Country impresario he wanted me to do
the summer scene for him at the Opera
House Blackpool the newest and biggest
theater in the country he wanted Dickie
Murdoch as well and he discussed the
matter with Jack Hilton as he wanted to
call the show Blackpool zone bandwagon
Hilton had a confidential chat with me
and said you will find Jack Taylor a
most amusing and genial fella till you
work for him he also said he'd heard
that Taylor had booked rent Randall for
the proposed summer show now Randall was
a tremendous favorite with the Blackpool
audiences deservedly so but he was a
well-known eccentric Hilton said if he's
in the show you won't live with him he
wiped the floor with you on his own
ground hardly an encouraging comment but
blunt and to the point anyway I met
Taylor at the Queens Hotel we had a meal
together and sure enough he had me in
stitches with his tales of Frank Randall
and Dave Morris and Albert motley and
all those great North Country comics
eventually I said to him bluntly listen
have you booked Frank Randall and when
he said he had I said well he had better
count me out
Jack Elton's told me I wouldn't survive
in the show with Randall oh you needn't
worry about that said Taylor if you
don't want him on the bill with you I
didn't put him in one of my other shows
either on the South Pier or send him
onto with one of my reviews so all was
signed and sealed I was to appear at the
Opera House for the summer at a salary
of 350 pounds a week well at rehearsals
I began to see the real Jack Taylor a
real martinet and not a very pleasant
one at that
he used to keep us at it until the small
hours of the morning there were no
equity rules to save us in those days
but Jack Taylor's solution to the
Randall problem wasn't as easy as he
thought Frank had a contract for the
Opera House and it was the Opera House
he'd play and no one else
so Taylor had to pay him about hundred
and fifty pound a week for doing nothing
to make matters worse grandma used to
stand by the stage door every night with
a bottle of stout in his hand in order
to irritate Taylor